imagine you're driving your car to work
and it quits and what happens is you get
anxious and the reason you get anxious
is because well you were beadling along
quite nicely in your world and
everything was reduced to like a
unidimensional Simplicity and it was
just doing what it was supposed to be
doing tracking you along the pathway to
your goal and then it fails and you're
off on the side of the road and you get
anxious because how the hell are you
going to get to work and what if you
don't get to work and is your boss not
going to be very happy with you and
maybe this is the third mistake you've
made this week and what if you get fired
and weren't you an idiot for buying this
car maybe you shouldn't have a car at
all maybe you should have walk to work
and you know maybe you should take a
bicycle because after all that would
save the planet and maybe now you have
to take your car to a mechanic but the
last time you went to the mechanic you
got ripped off cuz you're too stupid
about vehicles to manage one and you're
kind of stupid about technology in
general and aren't you stupid and maybe
you're too stupid and isn't your wife
going to that's anxiety